Implement new interface IAzurePSSanitizer and ISanitizerService for secrets detection feature (#24249)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/Accounts/Accounts/ChangeLog.md

-->

## Upcoming Release

> * Added new feature to detect secrets related information from Azure PowerShell cmdlet output with warning message. Learn more at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2258844

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a preview feature to detect secrets and sensitive information from the output of Azure PowerShell cmdlets to prevent leakage. Enable it by `Set-AzConfig -DisplaySecretsWarning $true`. Learn more at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2258844
```
